The Memento Pattern -

The purpose of the memento pattern is to capture and externalise an objects internal state without
violating encapsulation so that we can restore the objects state at a later time. 

Sometimes we need to record the internal state of an object. It is neccessary if we want to allow the
user to be able to undo changes or recover from errors. We need to save the internal state of the 
object somewhere so we can use it to restore to the previous state if neccessary.

We cannot usually do this because objects encapsulate/hide their data from other objects so it makes
it impossible to just save it externally. The easiest would be to just expose the internal state of
the object, but that would violate encapsulation.

Saving an objects state and then restoring it on an undo operation, may not behave correctly since
we may only save the state of one object and not all of them, therefore we cannot guarantee that
the objects will be the same.

It functions like the refreshApply pattern, where refreshing the object will restore it to its previous
state.

In the pattern, the memento is an object that stores a snapshot of the internal state of another object.
The other object in this case is called the originator.

When we undo, we request a momento from the originator so we can restore the previous state. The originator
provides the memento with information of its current state. Only the originator can store and retrieve
information from the memento. Other objects cannot see the memento of the originator. 

When to use -

- The memento pattern can be used when we want to take a snapshot of an objects state that we might
  want to restore at a later date.
  
- The memento pattern can be used when we want to know something about the internal state of an object
  without breaking the rules of encapsulation.
  
Basic Structure -

1. Memento

- The memento stores the state of the originator object. It stores as much or as little of the originators
  state, this is driven by the originator. In other words, this means that the originator tells the mementor
  as much about itself as it will like to let on.
  
- The memento only grants access to the originator. It inherits two interfaces, a narrow and wide interface.
  The caretaker sees the narrow interface, where it only allows the memento to be passed between other objects,
  where the wide interface, seen by the originator allows it to access all the data neccessary to save/restore
  itself.
  
- The memento is only allowed to be modified by its creator.

2. Originator

- The originator creates the memento with a snapshot of its internal state.

- The originator uses the memento to restore its internal state.

- The originator functions as a model.

- The originator is the only one that can save and restore its internal state from a memento. 

3. Caretaker

- The caretaker is responsible for keeping the memento safe.

- The caretaker never looks at or changes anything in the memento. 

- The caretaker requests a memento from the originator and holds it for them. It also passes it back
  to the originator if it wants to restore state.
  
Benefits and Drawbacks -

- A benefit of the memento pattern is that it preserves the rules of encapsulation. The originator
  object does not expose its internal state to other objects. However the memento is kept outside
  of the originator, however since noone else can access its internal state, rules of encapsulation
  are retained.
  
- A benefit of the memento pattern is that it simplifies the originator. This is because the client asks
  the originator for a memento rather than having the originator manage its own state.
  
- A drawback of the memento pattern is that it can be memory expensive. This especially occurs if the
  memento is required to store lots of data to maintain state. Passing the memento's around can also
  be expensive if they're doing it a lot.
  
- A drawback of the memento pattern is that there may be additional costs for deleting memento's. This
  responsibility is on the caretaker.
  
Example - 

An example of the memento pattern is any situation where you might want to undo a change or revert to
a previous state. An example of this would be online shopping, where you would select a particular item
and then choose its colour, you may choose blue initially but then change your mind to green. 

However once you've seen how it looks in green, you may want to change it back to what it was previously.

In this example, we'll have the following structures

1. Memento

- The object that stores the previous colour data before we made the change.
- Upon restoration, the originator asks the memento for the previous state.

2. Originator

- The originator works as the product object. In this example, we'll say that the Originator is a
  t-shirt that we can change the colours (state) of.
  
- The originator creates the memento which allows us to save the previous colour of the t-shirt if we
  choose to change it from its original colour.
  
3. Caretaker

- The caretaker manages the memento objects, stores it on behalf of the originator so we can restore it
  at a future date. 
